So one thing that I was clearly bothered by,
and maybe you could be my therapist as well. <laugh> I.
Bet you were mine.
<Laugh> this is,
this is a little bit of a miscommunication on both of our parts then. Um,
because who's paying who for this <laugh>
I was really bothered it by, uh,
Amazon banning parlor from AWS,
because my assumption was that the infrastructure I
drew a distinction between AWS,
the infrastructure on which competing platforms could be created
is different than the actual platforms. So I, I,
the standard of the ideal of freedom of speech, I, in my mind,
in the shallow way, perhaps applied differently to AWS than I did to Twitter,
it felt that we've created a more dangerous world.
That freedoms were violated by banning, uh,
parlor from AWS, which I saw as the computing infrastructure,
which enables the competition of tools,
the competition of frameworks of communication.
What do you think about this? First of all, let me give.
You the, the, uh, internet hyena answer. I understand dude,
just build your own Amazon on. Yeah.
Right? Yes. Well, so that's a very shallow statement,
but it's also one that has some legitimacy.
We can't completely dismiss it because, uh, there's levels to this,
to this game.
Yes and no, but if we, if you really wanted to chase that down. Yeah.
One of the great things about a person to person conversation,
as opposed to like, let's have 30 of our closest friends.
Whenever we have a conversation with 30 of our closest friends,
you know what happens? It's like passing light through a prism.
Every person says something interesting. And as a result, it's always muddled.
You like nothing ever resolves.
Well, one of my conversational techniques you mentioned, uh, you push back is,
uh, uh, first this childlike naive day and curiosity,
but also real or simulated real I'm afraid I would.
80% Real. Yeah. Right. So in this paradigm, yeah.
How could you not see this coming? I mean, I did a show with, um,
Ashley Matthews. Who's the woman behind Riley Reed and specific about this.
It was about the idea that if I move away from politics and go towards sex,
uh, I know that there's always a move to use the infrastructure to shut down,
um, sex workers. And in this case, uh,
we had operation choke point under the Obama, uh, administration.
We have a positive passion for people who want to solve
problems, that they, they don't like this company. They don't like that company.
Payday loans would be another one.
And so you have legal companies that are harassed by our financial system,
that her you can't, you know, uh, as Riley Reed, uh,
Ashley couldn't get a MailChimp account according to her,
if I understand her correctly.
And this idea that you charge these people higher rates because of supposed,
uh, chargebacks on credit cards, even if their chargebacks are low. Yes.
We have an unofficial policy of harassment.
There's something about everybody who shows up at Davos. Uh,
they get drunk in the Swiss Alps and then they come back home and they
coordinate and they coordinate things like build back better.
We don't really understand what build back better is.
But my get is is that build back better, has to do with extremism in America.
How do we shut down the Republican party as the source of extremism?
Now I do think the Republican party was got very extreme under Trump.
And I do believe that that was responsive to how extreme the democratic party,
uh, got under Clinton and then Obama,
and then Hillary, and in all of these circumstances,
it's amazing how much we want to wield these things as weapons. Well,
our extremism is fine because we pretend that at TIFA doesn't exist and we don't
report what goes on in, in Portland, but your extremism, my God,
that's disgust <affirmative> this is the completely ridiculous place that we're
in. And by the way,
our friends in part are Cod up on tech money and
they don't appear to hold the courage of their convictions at a political
level, because it's not in keeping with shareholder value. You know,
at some level air holder value is the ultimate shield with,
with which everyone can cloak themselves.
Well, on that point,
Donald Trump was banned from Twitter and I'm not sure it was a good
financial decision for Twitter, right. Uh, but I'm,
perhaps you can correct me if I'm.
Wrong. Um, well,
are you thinking locally or are you thinking if Twitter refused to, well,
if Twitter refused to ban Donald Trump, what is the odds that, that, uh,
the full force of the antitrust division might find.
Them? I don't know. Oh, I see. I see. So there's a, a complicated thing. Well.
There's a look, these guys are all having a discussion in very practical terms.
You know, you can say, you can imagine the sorts of conversation,
Jack Marks under. We're really glad you're all here. We're,
we're all trying to sing from the same him and row in the same direction.
We understand free speech. We're completely committed to it,
but we have to draw along with extremism guys. We, we just need,
we need to make sure that we're all on the same page. Well, they.
Use the term violence too, and they, I think overly it.
So basically anybody who <laugh>, <laugh>,
I'm, I'm telling you I'm, uh, I say dumb things to, uh, to incentivize,
uh, thoughtful.
Conversations. Okay. Well, whatever these things are, there is no trace.
Like how old are you Lex? You're in your mid thirties. Yeah. To late forties,
mid, late twenties to late forties. Yeah.
Somewhere in there that that's the demographic is.
I do think that partially what's happened is,
is that your group has never seen functional institutions.
These institutions have been so compromised for so long. Uh,
you've probably never seen an adult.